LICENSE

Copyright (c) 2017, tuxjsmith@gmail.com
All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met:

Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.  Redistributions
in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of
conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS
"AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR
A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT
HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,
SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE,
DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY
THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE
OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.



REQUIREMENTS

Linux

Java 8

  http://www.webupd8.org/2012/09/install-oracle-java-8-in-ubuntu-via-ppa.html

  http://www.webupd8.org/2014/03/how-to-install-oracle-java-8-in-debian.html


WHAT IS IT

This application downloads all Gkrellm theme files, .tar.gz files
listed on a web page and unpacks them.

The recommended download location is:
~/.gkrellm2/themes


HOW TO

To download and unpack all Gkrellm theme files listed on the
www.muhri.net web page:

1. Click the 'Choose' button and select a directory where unpacked
   themes should reside.

   - You may want to choose a temporary location just to test.

   - Otherwise Gkrellm expects to find themes in: ~/.gkrellm2/themes

2. Click the 'Download themes' button.

   - File names will appear on the right as they are downloaded.

   - The Qty: field will tell you how many files are being downloaded.

   - The progress bar will indicate completion time.

   - Complete downloading of all themes will take about 1 or 2
     minutes.

3. To theme Gkrellm:

   - Right click Gkrellm and select: Themes


